sql-statement: update `admin` related statements (#2928)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-admin.md

## `ADMIN RELOAD` statement

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
ADMIN RELOAD expr_pushdown_blacklist;
```

The above statement is used to reload the blacklist pushed down by the expression.

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
ADMIN RELOAD opt_rule_blacklist;
```

The above statement is used to reload the blacklist of logic optimization rules.

## `ADMIN PLUGINS` related statement

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
ADMIN PLUGINS ENABLE plugin_name [, plugin_name] ...;
```

The above statement is used to enable the `plugin_name` plugin.

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
ADMIN PLUGINS DISABLE plugin_name [, plugin_name] ...;
```

The above statement is used to disable the `plugin_name` plugin.

## `ADMIN BINDINGS` related statement

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
ADMIN FLUSH bindings;
```

The above statement is used to persist SQL Plan binding information.

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
ADMIN CAPTURE bindings;
```

The above statement can generate the binding of SQL Plan from the `SELECT` statement that occurs more than once.

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
ADMIN EVOLVE bindings;
```

> After the automatic binding function is turned on, the evolution of SQL Plan binding information is triggered every ` bind-info-leave` (default value is `3s`). The above statement is used to actively trigger this evolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the automatic binding feature is enabled, the evolution of SQL Plan binding information is triggered every ` bind-info-leave` (the default value is `3s`). The above statement is used to proactively trigger this evolution.
```

If the consistency check is passed, an empty result is returned. Otherwise, an error message is returned indicating that the data is inconsistent.

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
ADMIN CHECK INDEX tbl_name idx_name;
```

The above statement is used to check the consistency of the column data and index data corresponding to the `idx_name` index in the `tbl_name` table. If the consistency check is passed, an empty result is returned; otherwise, an error message is returned indicating that the data is inconsistent.

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
ADMIN CHECK INDEX tbl_name idx_name (lower_val, upper_val) [, (lower_val, upper_val)] ...;
```

The above statement is used to check the consistency of the column data and index data corresponding to the `idx_name` index in the `tbl_name` table, with the data range (to be checked) specified. If the consistency check is passed, an empty result is returned. Otherwise, an error message is returned indicating that the data is inconsistent.

### `admin checksum`

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
ADMIN CHECKSUM TABLE tbl_name [, tbl_name] ...;
```

> The above statement is used to get the 64-bit checksum value of `tbl_name'. This value is obtained by calculating CRC64 of all key value pairs (including row data and index data) in the table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The above statement is used to get the 64-bit checksum value of `tbl_name`. This value is obtained by calculating CRC64 of all key-value pairs (including row data and index data) in the table.
```

Here “untrusted” means that you need to manually ensure that the metadata of the original table can be covered by the `CREATE TABLE STATEMENT` operation. To use this `REPAIR` statement, enable the [`repair-mode`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#repair-mode) configuration item, and make sure that the tables to be repaired are listed in the [`repair-table-list`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#repair-table-list).

## `ADMIN SHOW SLOW` statement

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
ADMIN SHOW SLOW RECENT N;
```

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
ADMIN SHOW SLOW TOP [INTERNAL | ALL] N;
```

> For details, refer to [admin show slow statement](/identify-slow-queues.md#admin-show-slow-command)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For details, refer to [admin show slow statement](/identify-slow-queries.md#admin-show-slow-command)
```

> For detailed usage, refer to [admin show slow statement] (/identify-slow-queues.md#admin-show-slow-command)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, refer to [admin show slow statement](/identify-slow-queues.md#admin-show-slow-command)
```
